README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Update README.md to enhance project description and usage instructions

README.md, after:

![](./public/assets/screenshots/maskify.png)

# Maskify - Image Masking Tool

Maskify is a web application that allows you to create and customize masks for your images. It provides a user-friendly interface and a variety of features to help you achieve the perfect mask for your photos.

## Features

- **Image Masking**: Upload and apply custom masks to your images
- **Mask Library**: Save and reuse masks for future editing sessions
- **Browser Storage**: Masks are saved in browser storage for easy access
- **File Management**: Upload, select, and manage your mask files
- **User-Friendly Interface**: Simple and intuitive controls for easy editing

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the application.

## How to Use

1. **Upload a Mask**: Click the upload button to select a mask image file
2. **Select a Mask**: Choose from your previously uploaded masks in the library
3. **Edit Your Image**: Apply the selected mask to your image
4. **Save Your Work**: Your masks are automatically saved to browser storage

## Technical Details

- **File Size Limitations**: Masks larger than 5MB may be too large to save in browser storage but will be available for the current session
- **Supported File Types**: Standard image formats including PNG, JPEG, etc.
- **Data Storage**: Uses browser session storage to maintain your mask library

## Deployment

The application is deployed at [https://maskify.pphat.top](https://maskify.pphat.top)

## Contributors

![](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=pphatlabs/maskify)
